CONFIDENTIAL 
Prima Corp. 
Sane Wo. RO 2ZNN2Z N14 
Goo No. ERSC0S3167 
Bane: S1/15/2003 
ENRON CORE. - PROGUCED PURSUANT TO FERC SUBYOENA. 
SUBJECT IO ERGIECTIVE ORDER. CONFIDENTIAL IREAIMENT REQUESTED. 
RELEASE IN FULL 
From: 
Fnror Messaging Administration <adrinistration.enrenderren,.com> 
Sent: 
Mor, 15 Oct 2901 19:75:23 -O700 (PDT) 
To: 
All Fnror Worldwide 
Subject: 
Supported Tnternet =rmail Addresses 
Enron Global Technology i8 in tne process of decommissioning the support for 
all rmon-standard internet. Email address tormats. The only Internet Email 
address format that will be supported, once this effort 1s campleted, is 
firstname.lastnamet@enron.com. We will ro longer support Internet rail address 
formats such as mame@enron.caom, nmame@dect.enran.cam, nmamedeLr.enron.com 
(wnere 
"ame" 15 an abbreviation, acronym or alternative to an employees firstname 
andfor lastname). Every Enron employee nas an Internet Email address of 
firstname.lastnametenron.com and must begin maxing the necessary arrangements 
LO Start using this Internet address fLormat if they are mot using it already. 
Any new/existing application systems or business cards that reference a 
non-supported internet 4mail address will need to be changed to reference the 
only supported Lirstrame.lastnamefenron.com Internet address fLormat. It is 
important to remember to also notify any external contacts who are currently 
sending Internet email to any mon-supported internet Email addresses. 
To determine what your Supported Internet Email address 1s, taxe your mame as 
it appears in OSutloox or Lotus Notes and replace any “Spaces” that appear in 
your name with periods and append denron.com. For example in Cutlock, Alan 
Smith, Robert (fLirstrame = Robert, Lastname = Alan Smith) will nave a 
supported internet Email address of robert.alan.smith@enron.com. 
IMPORTANT : 
LE you need to update your business card(s) to reflect your 
supported Internet Email address, please ensure you test & confirm the 
delivery of Internet email to your supported email address pricr to updating 
your business cards. If you experience any issues with delivery of Internet 
email to your supported Internet email address, please contact the Resolution 
Center. 
We will communicate further details, including the cut-off date, in the coming 
weeks. Meanwhile, it is imperative that you begin maxing the necessary 
arrangemeni_s to change over to using the firstrame.lasinamefenron.com Internet 
Email address format. Li you nave questions regarding this email, send an 
Email to enron.messaging.administrationfenron.cor. 
Thanx you {or participation, cooperation and Support. 
Enron Messaging Administration 
Sag New Ro GOD. O1938 
ame Noa. P&S RET ee 
sab 
ae le ne 
UNBEA DURE . 
PROUT TR SANT Ti BUTE BDRM ENA 
SUECEATT Ti PROSPEROUS Vik DRE 
GUIRD PEND PAL THREATENS) Regie 
rn